There you boy.
Yay, Godzilla. Godzilla.
Why?
Yeah.
What about Shin Godzilla? That was powerful!
But uglier.
Ugly Godzilla.
Oh Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That was cool.
It is!
That's right!
Hai!
Biollante! But we have to talk about Godzilla first. Your favorite Godzilla.
The villain will come to, next. Yeah, yeah.
He wasn't that enemy. Because Biollante was good.
What?
80?
That old?
No, it should be 1990s.
Yeah. Only came out once.
Yeah.
How'd you know?
You should watch it. I'll watch it together.
How about did you watch Godzilla final wars?
Yeah.
Oh, all the monster comes out. Yeah...
I've never heard of it.
Zebra?
I gotta see. I gotta see.
You're good at numbers.
Oh, it is only 20 years ago.
That's right. That's right. Shin Godzilla.
Oh, Yeah yeah that's right.
Muto?
Muto...
Huh?
Yeah.
It was...
19...
98? 99?
Yeah.
I thought it was the Hollywood one came out?
What Godzilla?
Muto!
Spider-looking Godzilla?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That's that's
like second or third American Godzilla movie.
They attack the Hawaii?
Aaahh...
Yeah, Ginga Monster.
That's right.
Yeah...
uh-huh
What's the monarch?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The Orca.
Coz wake the Godzilla.
No.
Oh.